hello users so I'm gonna show to you
guys
now how to I just find out how to delete
the videos from the action cam I was
trying to look up on YouTube and I
couldn't find it any video showing how
you to delete the videos from the your
memory card on the action cam and I just
should try it here and I figured out how
to do it myself so this how I did it so
do you see this screen here when you put
it a cable on the action camera it shows
this little window here right and with a
bunch of videos here that you had in
your camera and there's the option to
import here right or you put out and
there is no option of deleting so what I
did like was I select the video that I
wanted to deliver it now it's empty and
see this little red button here you push
it you click on it and that's how you
delete the videos from your memory card
on your action camera so it's going to
ask you to confirm if you wanted to
delete the video you just confirm and
then you just deleted your video so
that's how I did it
you can select out of the video or you
can just select for a which one you want
to delete and then you delete so what I
did what I just use the words this with
the HD HD I don't know how to color this
so you put over here so you get
your memory card first
so this doesn't that's not a camera
memory card that's from my phone from
just I just use it to show up the window
so I put over here it's gonna show up
over there you click the video that you
want to delete push the button confirm
the vid is deleted so you have a lot of
space against in our camera so you can
usually use it again you can also do
direct with your camera you don't need
to take the memory card out of your
camera they just use the USB cable put
in your camera despite going on the
computer it's gonna show the same thing
they just go to like the videos and
deleted easy alright I hope it helped
many of you guys that needs to delete
the videos from your camera bye